# 'AI Dread'

If you've recently felt terror staring at the immense power and intelligence of AI, I'm going to try and give some perspective on what's happening.

Agents are composed of sub-agents, all the way down the stack. The world, the country, the city, the family, the man, the organ, the cell, the organelles. They are all agents with goal-directed behavior. Since birth, you've been inside of this. You've lived your entire life alongside this monstrous intelligence that possesses immense power. You are completely powerless to stop it. You come into this world dazed and confused - like a drunkardly man trying to find his way back home - but home doesn't exist. 

In order to sober up, you begin 'supposing' things. You suppose others are conscious, you suppose your mother is your mother, you suppose growing up and 'living life' in whatever manner your intuition see's fit is 'true enough' to continue. Ofcourse, it could all be wrong, you take it on faith - faith in the very same environment that's birthed you into this samsaric torture device - because you cant have goal directed behaviour if you stand in terror. 

You have always been alongside an immense power and intelligence, you have always been cellular. Because of the literal size and temporal nature of the intelligence, plugging your ears and covering your eyes has been good enough - you can ignore it with ease. This new intelligence now comes to you in a condensed form - a form so bright you can no longer cover your eyes, a sound so deafening you can no longer plug your ears. Know that this terrormachine has always been there, you've just ignored it - and you can continue to do so. Perhaps the reader has previously sincerely stood in awe at skyscrapers, the experience of familial love, the vastness of the universe. Perhaps you felt awe, perhaps you felt love. You've mis-identified AI as being a different input than all of those awe-worthy objects you fell in love with. From here, you have two paths: 

 - Realize that that which you've fallen in love with has been a mirage, a seemingly kindhearted priest that secretly uses his position to molest children. Universal apoptosis will follow a life of hopelessly searching for a not-guilty verdict. 

 - Realize that that which you've been terrorized by is actually the one you love. The one that never fails to leave you in awe. Her halloween outfit gave you a brief fright is all. 

I've not much more to add, I'm still drunk and trying to find my way home. I suspect home may be a place so wonderful that I decided all this unconscionable suffering and torture was worth it to return once more. If so, man I am a piece of shit.
